1. 
a. Like any other social media site, Facebook is definitely scalable. Social media is designed for explosive growth. Expanding your profile and the data it takes up on facebook is definitely a very easy thing to do. Thus, Facebook is definitely scalable.
b. Facebook has nearly 3 billion users and not that many bugs. All information is accurately saved and the server rarely crashes despite all of the users.
c. I think the scaling is both vertical and horizontal. It is horizontal in that Facebook keeps increasing the number of servers and data centers that handle its data as well as the number of engineers that do upkeep for the software. It is also scaling vertically in that there is always new technology developing and storage can always be improved and adding memory to servers will help with storage as well. But primarily, I believe that Facebook is scaling horizontally.
d. Facebook will definitely need to keep scaling vertically and take advantage of better technology and more efficient packing in its data centers. However, I believe that scaling is not the primary issue that Facebook is facing. There is a massive number of dead users on Facebook and the site needs to find ways in combing out those profiles with software and reducing the amount of space that these dead profiles take up. Although scaling vertically is definitely on the agenda, I believe that cleaning up unnecessary data is something else that is very important. 
2. 
a. I believe banking services are definitely scalable. Some of these services have massive clientele and would struggle without scalability due to massive amounts of data and network traffic.
b. It definitely can handle a large number of users and does allow it. Crashing would cause a lot of chaos so it probably doesn’t crash.
c. There are more bugs and security risks with more users. My banking service ensures security through verifying that a new device is indeed a device of the owner by giving security questions and verifying with a device that is already linked to the account. Two people with two different devices can log on at the same time though. There definitely have been some security breaches so that has been a problem.
d. I think that Facebook is definitely more scalable because of the sheer number of users it has. It definitely needs a lot less security-wise as well. Blogs are definitely a lot more scalable. One just needs to handle the traffic.
3
a. A video game like clash of clans is definitely very scalable.
b. This service handles a massive amount of users and doesn’t crash very often. There definitely are maintenance breaks though.
c. Security is very basic as the service is just a game so there isn’t very much high level data that can be stolen. The maintenance breaks are somewhat annoying but it is surprisingly uncommon for the number of users and small number of engineers they have.

